yeah at this point I want to stress
myself out as much as possible and
pretty much like pressure myself out
because that's going to increase my
performance it's the first day of week 9
of the NA LCS with coverage presented by
Omni slash I'm driven right now by Mike
Young following TSM's guaranteed
entrance into the playoffs they did it a
little shaky at points to the split Mike
how confident were you that you're gonna
make playoffs this whole this whole
split pretty much for me I didn't really
have to like think about not making
playoffs because in the back of my mind
I knew that my players and my teammates
were good enough to be playoff material
so it was really odd to me and the
pressure was on to me to just perform
yeah
did the whenever we do these interviews
you are so like you seem like so Zen you
know but I assume there is a lot of
pressure on you a lot of people flaming
you over the course of the split and and
betting on you and and as you just said
you felt like it was on you to make sure
that TSM could make it to playoffs does
that did that get you at any point in
time or you just like oh man I need this
to stop yeah that's that's a good point
because this this week was probably the
hardest week for me personally because I
was overworking myself for the previous
like like Tuesday Wednesday etc because
I was putting a lot of pressure on
myself and you know hurt my mental
resilience or something
I started feeling light-headed during
screens like on Wednesday Thursday you
know I started getting headaches because
I was putting a lot of stress on myself
like if I were to make a mistake on
scripts I would really stress out on it
and I don't know if that's called I
don't know if it's a good thing or a bad
thing but for me and actually I think
it's a good thing because that's just if
I stress on like a really big mistake
then I won't make it again so even if we
lose scrimps then I won't make the same
mistakes on stage
generally speaking headaches are a bad
thing you probably don't want I don't
know if you want to get to the headache
stage I would say but that
you feel like the stress was kind of
helping you yeah at this point I want to
stress myself out as much as possible
and pretty much like pressure myself out
because that's going to increase my
performance but it does take a toll on
the body on my mental resilience and you
know my mental health so I just have to
do active and passive recovery which is
something that Weldon taught me and
pretty much I'm gonna start going to the
gym finally and I'm gonna eat healthier
too so that's gonna help a lot are you
gonna go with mr. Ahlers because
everyone
LCS is a weird thing we're like
everybody just plays like spot mr. RAL
is at the gym I feel like people are
constantly tweeting about seeing him
there and all that stuff I think I'm
gonna start just going by myself maybe
get a trainer because I don't know what
to do okay so I mean you have to be
careful though that you don't burn
yourself out I had a playoffs right like
if you're putting all of it into this
weekend is that is this something that
you're working with welding on yeah I'm
definitely working on that for next week
I since I'm new to like this type of
playoff situation where it's like a
marathon right it's not just one week
it's two weeks or three weeks so I have
to make sure that I'm addressing my time
well and just practice without you know
putting too much strain on myself for
quarterfinals so I can practice for
semifinals and finals and how do you
feel tsm's developing over the course of
the split because it seems like you guys
are finishing pretty strong
I think we're finishing strong because
we have a really high skill ceiling and
that's because all our players are
really talented and hardworking so if we
see like we make this mistake
we'll always say we can do better
because we have really high expectations
for ourselves so that's that's the case
and how do you kind of feel about I do
feel like the narrative has changed
because last time I interviewed you a
lot of people were kind of ragging on
you a little bit and like why is this
guy here now it feels like a lot more
people have accepted you they feel like
you've sort of come into your own you're
feeling more comfortable on TSM do you
agree with that arc that story arc as it
is I'm not so sure I'm not so sure yet
it's hasn't really come to my
realization I think it's gonna really be
more like I'll be more aware of it after
my first spring split so it's still not
done yet we still haven't played
playoffs so once we play the playoffs
and I'll have a good idea of if the fans
have to have mostly upset accepted me or
some people or most people still are
questioning it how do you feel about the
meta headed into the playoffs I don't
think much has changed I don't think so
but I mean are you happy with the way it
is like because the reason I ask is
because at the start of the year I have
talked to several different players who
were like really frustrated with the way
the game was being played and sort of
you know like I did a bunch of random
stuff like I'm still spell book etc what
what is your take on everything as we're
heading into the playoffs I'd well Jon
will I think is the exact same is that
right
yeah I think so and so I think that's a
good thing that the playoffs isn't
different because if there's a different
patched and then every team has to learn
everything over again especially with
one week left to go until playoffs so I
think it's good that everything's still
the same although personally for me
playing tanks every game gets a little
bit boring yeah very good everything
else going well with the teammates any
interesting stories you get to hang out
with those guys a lot I saw this I saw
this thing and I don't know it's just a
random thing that I thought of in my
mind while doing this interview okay is
on reddit people say that I'm really
different in interviews than legends or
on Twitter or whatever and I don't know
and I'm kind of like this I don't know
who that Mike Young really is or who
what he really thinks
inside well I think I'm kind of learning
more about myself too so
I honestly don't know exactly what my
personality is I'm sure I'll figure that
out as I grow so it's like I don't know
if I'm a funny guy I don't think my
humerus really good but I think I'm
pretty straightforward you know serious
maybe I'm trying to be a little bit too
mature yeah I mean I remember whenever
bio Frost joined TSM compared to when he
left he was a very different person so
maybe TSM just sort of like people go in
there and it's just like a personality
vortex you don't know what's gonna
happen after a couple years on TSM yeah
it's something that Walden told me I
know I keep on saying Weldon told me
this but we talk a lot after scrims
like I have Skype calls with them and he
tells me a lot and what he was talking
about is when you're playing like
performance sports it's like a whole
different scenario it's like once in a
life chance lifetime chance to really
experience something different and that
can be like enhancing your understanding
of life so like every single for a lot
of at pro athletes like it's life or
death for them there are a lot of life
or death situations and when you lose it
triggers like the same chemical in your
brain that's equal to grieving like when
you lose a family member and so I think
that these experiences will just make me
a better make me a better person in the
future because I can't get any of these
experiences all these stressful like
situations it's like moving past for
that and figuring out coping mechanisms
and stuff like that I can't find that
anywhere else so that's why I chose to
be a pro gamer this was one in a
lifetime opportunity so sorry for
rambling too I also know I appreciate it
I also ramble a lot in interviews like I
talked a little bit too much like some
person asked me a question and then I'll
talk a lot to like and I'll ramble I'll
say and and and and yeah I need to work
on that I need to work on my speech you
know I listen the thing that drives me
crazy is when I interview pro players
and I'm like
so you know how did that game go good I
mean we played okay and I'm like okay uh
what do you think of how things are
developing in the LCS and I'm like you
know I think it's going to expect you
know I'd much rather have somebody who
like elaborates on their thoughts and
kind of goes on then have somebody who
gives a short short answers but I do
appreciate this has been kind of a fun
interview because it's interesting to
hear your perspective on kind of like
how the LCS is impacting you as a person
and your life because I think a lot of
the pro players go through kind of a
crazy world as they enter the LCS and so
but not as many of them talk about it so
it's really nice of you to be so
transparent open about it is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there
thank you for my fans that have
supported me uh think about me and I
enjoy all your thoughts thank you thank
you my king so much for the interview
and for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage for all things
horse right here on my youtube channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in the
folder for him so I figured now it's
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell BR o di n p le TT Broden plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah this conference
brought to you by Omni slash